{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Deliverables\
(1)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}The resultant ANN can be found in 
\i deliverable1.mat 
\i0 workspace under the name 
\i NNtrainedOnAll
\i0 .\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}The code used to train the ANN is in 
\i trainOnEverything.m
\i0 . It contains transformation of data (inputs and sample outputs) to ones which are understood by Matlab neural network toolbox. Setting up the parameters. Training and testing the trained network. \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}(2)\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}As the training function we have chosen trainrp. It updates the weight in the NN using the resilient backpropagation algorithm. Firstly, training is very fast judging from our empirical observations. It has the second highest fMeasure(1)  after 
\i trainr
\i0  which has the best performance. However, we would like to point out that it is much faster than the latter function. It is a tradeoff. Either one investsuses trainbr and has very precise classifier We decided to sacrifice fMeasure in exchangeWe have chosen trainrpWe have chosen 2 hidden layers each of size 10 and 1 output layer of size 6 (3 layers in total). \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\
}